README.md, before:

Support
=======

Issues have been disabled for this repository.  
Any issues with this cookbook should be raised here:

[https://github.com/rcbops/chef-cookbooks/issues](https://github.com/rcbops/chef-cookbooks/issues)

Please title the issue as follows:

[sosreport]: \<short description of problem\>

In the issue description, please include a longer description of the issue, along with any relevant log/command/error output.  
If logfiles are extremely long, please place the relevant portion into the issue description, and link to a gist containing the entire logfile

Description
===========

Installs the sos (https://github.com/sosreport/sosreport) package.

Packages are installed from the OSOps team PPA:

https://launchpad.net/~osops-packaging/+archive/ppa

Requirements
============

Chef 11.0 or higher required (for Chef environment use).

Platforms
---------

This cookbook is actively tested on the following platforms/versions:

* Ubuntu-12.04
* CentOS-6.3

While not actively tested, this cookbook should also work the following platforms:

* Debian/Mint derivitives
* Amazon/Oracle/Scientific/RHEL

Cookbooks
---------

The following cookbooks are dependencies:

* apt
* osops-utils

Recipes
=======

default
-------

The default recipe installs the sos package, and drops in openstack.py (which utilizes /usr/bin/openstack-status) when platform is `redhat`

License and Author
==================

Author:: Justin Shepherd (<justin.shepherd@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Jason Cannavale (<jason.cannavale@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Ron Pedde (<ron.pedde@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Joseph Breu (<joseph.breu@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: William Kelly (<william.kelly@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Darren Birkett (<darren.birkett@rackspace.co.uk>)  
Author:: Evan Callicoat (<evan.callicoat@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Matt Thompson (<matt.thompson@rackspace.co.uk>)  
Author:: Chris Laco (<chris.laco@rackspace.com>)

Copyright 2012, Rackspace US, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Add contribution guidance
Add CONTRIBUTING.md that points to the same document in chef-cookbooks
Add mention of the contribution document in the top of the README.md

README.md, after:

Support
=======

Issues have been disabled for this repository.  
Any issues with this cookbook should be raised here:

[https://github.com/rcbops/chef-cookbooks/issues](https://github.com/rcbops/chef-cookbooks/issues)

Please title the issue as follows:

[sosreport]: \<short description of problem\>

In the issue description, please include a longer description of the issue, along with any relevant log/command/error output.  
If logfiles are extremely long, please place the relevant portion into the issue description, and link to a gist containing the entire logfile

Please see the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information about contributing to this cookbook.

Description
===========

Installs the sos (https://github.com/sosreport/sosreport) package.

Packages are installed from the OSOps team PPA:

https://launchpad.net/~osops-packaging/+archive/ppa

Requirements
============

Chef 11.0 or higher required (for Chef environment use).

Platforms
---------

This cookbook is actively tested on the following platforms/versions:

* Ubuntu-12.04
* CentOS-6.3

While not actively tested, this cookbook should also work the following platforms:

* Debian/Mint derivitives
* Amazon/Oracle/Scientific/RHEL

Cookbooks
---------

The following cookbooks are dependencies:

* apt
* osops-utils

Recipes
=======

default
-------

The default recipe installs the sos package, and drops in openstack.py (which utilizes /usr/bin/openstack-status) when platform is `redhat`

License and Author
==================

Author:: Justin Shepherd (<justin.shepherd@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Jason Cannavale (<jason.cannavale@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Ron Pedde (<ron.pedde@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Joseph Breu (<joseph.breu@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: William Kelly (<william.kelly@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Darren Birkett (<darren.birkett@rackspace.co.uk>)  
Author:: Evan Callicoat (<evan.callicoat@rackspace.com>)  
Author:: Matt Thompson (<matt.thompson@rackspace.co.uk>)  
Author:: Chris Laco (<chris.laco@rackspace.com>)

Copyright 2012, Rackspace US, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
